Add cli command contao:automator (#962)
contao/docs: docs/manual/cli/automator.en.md

| `purgeVersionTable`     | Purges the version table `tl_version` which holds different versions for rows in tables that have the versioning feature enabled.                     |
| `purgeSystemLog`        | Deletes entries in the system log.                                                                                                                    |
| `purgeImageCache`       | Purges the image cache by deleting all processed and resized images in the configurable `image.target_dir`.                                           |
| `purgeScriptCache`      | Removes processed and/or minified JavaScript files and Stylesheets.                                                                                   |
| `purgePageCache`        | Clears the page cache by removing cached html responses.                                                                                              |
| `purgeSearchCache`      | Clears the search result cache.                                                                                                                       |

> | `purgeInternalCache`    | Clears the internal cache directory in `kernel.cache_dir`, this includes the Symfony application cache and potentially hits non Contao caches.        |

Reviewer: Where did you pull this information from?

Author: From https://docs.contao.org/dev/reference/commands/#contao-automator

Reviewer: I think this is wrong, it should be:

```suggestion
| `purgeInternalCache`    | Clears Contao's internal cache for DCA and language files. |
```

> | `purgeTempFolder`       | Purges the complete temporary folder.                                                                                                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `purgeTempFolder`       | Purges the `system/tmp` directory.                                                                                                                 |
```

> | `purgeRegistrations`    | Purged the unactivated member registrations.                                                                                                          |
> | `purgeOptInTokens`      | Purged the expired double opt-in tokens.                                                                                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `purgeRegistrations`    | Purges the inactivated member registrations.                                                                                                          |
| `purgeOptInTokens`      | Purges the expired double opt-in tokens.                                                                                                              |
```

> | `purgeXmlFiles`         | Removes xml files generated by `generateXmlFiles` task.                                                                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `purgeXmlFiles`         | Removes XML files generated by `generateXmlFiles` task.                                                                                               |
```

| `generateSitemap`       | Generates the sitemap.xml files based on the page tree and the settings on the root page.                                                             |
| `generateXmlFiles`      | Generates the sitemap.xml files and calls the hook `generateXmlFiles` for other bundles to use. The `ContaoNewsBundle` uses it to generate RSS feeds. |
| `generateSymlinks`      | Creates various symlinks to the web directory, for example publicly reachable file directories, the assets directory or `system/themes`.              |

> | `generateInternalCache` | Warms up the internal cache.                                                                                                                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `generateInternalCache` | Warms up Contao's internal cache for DCA and language files. |
```

---
title: "contao:automator"
description: "Common tasks around the maintenance of a Contao installation."
aliases:
    - /en/cli/automator/
weight: 15    
---

This command is an interface to the `Automator` class of Contao. It mainly consists
of common tasks around the maintenance of a Contao installation.

> ```sh

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```bash
```

> $> php vendor/bin/contao-console contao:automator [<task>]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
php vendor/bin/contao-console contao:automator [<task>]
```

```

> The command itself can be executed without providing a task. It will then
> ask for it. The following tasks are available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The command will prompt you for which task should be executed, if no specific task is provided. The following tasks are available.
```
